Hey, hey.
Brother Yang has not recovered from this disease, so he went out of the mountain to love and respect his father
It's not thanks to Brother Shui's life-saving grace
How about today?
It is the big city where Jiang's Pharmaceutical has settled in Shu Du
Then how could I not come?
Then I wish you in advance to become a member of the Yang family
Hahahaha
Brother God is joking
Ouch this world
There really is such a beautiful character
The woman has been in the car for so long
Are you exhausted?
Not so good
Let me introduce you.
This is the one I mentioned to you before.
Mr. Yang's andrology
Hello Mr. Jiang
He Yu is polite
Since the review has said that we are our own people
Just tell me to leap
Take it away with your own people
The commander called just now and said that he wanted to use the Emperor Hall
Let's clean up the Emperor Hall as soon as possible